Athena docs: add screenshots and mention `physical_key` and `defaultWorkgroup` (#4217)
quiltdata/quilt: docs/Catalog/SearchQuery.md

[AWS's Athena documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/athena/latest/ug/getting-started.html).

### Configuration
You can hide the "Queries" tab by setting `ui > nav > queries: false`.

> It is also possible to set default workgroup in `ui > athena > defaultWorkgroup: 'you-default-workgroup'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to set the default workgroup in `ui > athena > defaultWorkgroup: 'your-default-workgroup'`.
```
Lost the 'r'

> ([Learn more](./Preferences.md)).

Author: ```suggestion
[Learn more](./Preferences.md).
```

> Workgroup, catalog name and database selects memorize the last selected value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tab will remember the last workgroup, catalog name and database that was selected.
```
